Katiehorne/tec 82 update secrets findings doc (#1695)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-secrets/getting-started.md

### Group findings

By default, Semgrep groups all of the findings by the rule Semgrep used to match the code. This view is called the **Group by rule** view.

Semgrep sorts findings by severity. For a given severity, Semgrep further sorts findings as follows:

1. Findings generated by custom rules
2. Issue count in descending order
3. Findings ID in ascending order

![Findings grouped by rule](/img/secrets-findings.png#md-width)

To view findings individually, toggle **Group by Rule** to **No grouping** using the drop-down menu in the header. Findings are displayed based on the date they were found, with the most recent finding listed at the top.

![Group by Rule option](/img/cloud-platform-findings-no-grouping.png#md-width)

### Filter findings

Use filters to narrow down your results. The following criteria are available for filtering:

| Filter                    | Description  |
| ------------------------  | ------------ |
| **Projects**              | Filter by repositories connected to Semgrep AppSec Platform. |
| **Branches**              | Filter by findings in different Git branches. |

> | **Teams**                 | Filter for findings in projects to which the specified teams are associated with. Available only to organizations with RBAC enabled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Teams**                 | Filter for findings in projects to which the specified teams are associated with. Available only to organizations with [Semgrep Teams](/deployment/teams#teams-beta) enabled. |
```

We have 2 kinds of RBAC:
- One which is enabled by default and provides 2 roles (admin/member)
- One which is manually enabled by the user and provides 3 roles (admin/member/manager) **and** the concept of teams
